# EVENT LOG // ENTRY #003-1, EVERGREEN

*I'm writing this instead of Legionnaire J. Landon owing to the Legionnaire's... incapacitation.*
*In all honesty she screwed up, and screwed up bad, but I can tell she knows it.*
*Still going to yell at her later.*

*That probably should've gone into the addendum. Anyway, I'm writing in her stead. So, let's see...*

First off, on 7/xx/5014u I was contacted by one Dthall Ordo. She was speaking as a representative of an entity called the Hercynian United Cities. She is part of the Rangers, the faction we've been fighting here on Hercynia. She related that they are facing an enemy known as The Machine. Due to Evergreen's large number of robotic assistants (subaltern, drones, etc), and likely a heap of assuming Third Committee is no different to Second, HUC mistook Evergreen as being allied with them. Thus their attacks on Evergreen. 

Dthall advised me that the Rangers are requesting a day's ceasefire to collect their dead and wounded, and intend to retreat. For, as she said, "there is a bigger threat coming to Evergreen... We are not your enemies anymore." As an olive branch of peace, I've had our two prisoners (Psalm and Jim, I remember one of them's a pirate at least) released unconditionally (besides telling them we want peace) and sent on their way. Then, Patience and Edena Ji called, alerting us to a need to return. Evergreen's subalterns and drones had gone haywire - right as Patience needed to cycle. 

So off we went, following the stream. Everyone in new mechs. Legionnaire Landon in the Enkidu that she fixed up. Regret, renamed Mourning's Knell, as part of the poem my own mech's name came from. I think Regret is still apt, the legionnaire's certainly doing so now. We encountered a digsite, where Evergreen subalterns were digging... They released an army. Armies. Massive numbers of robotic mechs, subalterns, drones, many in warlike and painted designs. Ancient mechs dating to the Second Committee. We first had to escape them, and then defend refugees as they made their escape.

Copying the legionnaire's more concise style, the ensuing battles saw the loss of two Chassis - Chariot's Enkidu and Strideshaker's Monarch on the side of Foxtrot Hotel, and all Machine units destroyed in the defence of refugees. We succeeded in the endeavour and managed to withdraw in good order, or at least as good order as one pristine mech and one damaged mech. 

Chariot went insane, albeit briefly. What I warned her of came to pass. The Enkidu was dangerous technology and the improvements she made were not enough. Far from the composed, smart woman she normally is, Chariot was a menace on the battlefield. She ripped apart the majority of the enemy mechs, but so too did she strike at her own allies at least once. She ignored damage to herself, refusing to disengage, until the mech itself melted down and detonated in a nuclear fireball. A fireball she escaped with a well-timed ejection, sanity returning at the brink, most likely. So that's why I'm writing this instead of her.

We're back in Evergreen now. New mechs are being printed as I'm writing this. I don't think Chariot is unaffected. None of us are, really, but she stubbornly got in a brain frying mech saying it wouldn't happen to her, and was punished for her hubris in more ways than one. Her own pains, the loss of trust by others like Coral, who Chariot nearly decapitated, a taste of defeat despite getting a measure of victory, if only barely. 

*P.S. Whatever's coming next, I hope it's better than this.
I can make it better than this.
I just have to make it better myself. -**Dr. L.V. Jr.**

*. . . Report reviewed and approved for submission. Thank you for filling in, Dr. Vickers.* -**J.L.** (7/xx/5014u)
